cloudflare-waf-enhancement-10062 (#39119)
demisto/content: Packs/CloudflareWAF/ReleaseNotes/1_0_27.md

#### Integrations

##### Cloudflare WAF

> - Deleted the **The API user Token.** parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deleted the *The API user Token* parameter.
```

> - Added support for **Authentication Method** parameter.
> - Added support for **API Token** parameter.
> - Added support for **Email** parameter.
> - Added support for **Global API Key** parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for the following parameters:
   - *Authentication Method*
   - *API Token*
   - *Email*
   - *Global API Key*
```
